17/09/23
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
― Oscar Wilde

“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails.
Explore. Dream. Discover.”
― H. Jackson Brown Jr., P.S. I Love You


18/09/23
“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference.
The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”
― Elie Wiesel

“Love all, trust a few,
Do wrong to none: be able for thine enemy
Rather in power than use; and keep thy friend
Under thy own life's key: be check'd for silence,
But never tax'd for speech.”
― William Shakespeare, All's Well That Ends Well


19/09/23
“If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

“It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.”
― Maurice Switzer, Mrs. Goose, Her Book


20/09/23
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable.
It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Sandman, Vol. 9: The Kindly Ones

“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...”
― Dr. Seuss, Oh, the Places You'll Go!


21/09/23
“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth.
But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up.
Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go.
The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them.
Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too.
And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart,
but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate.
You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything.
Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything.
Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie?
So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and
there's so much to smile about.”
― Marilyn Monroe

“If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood